hello my friends and I will introduce to
Here you are a ford ecosport freestyle
flat 2012 single car
gold and I'll show you more details here
For you guys, look at this silver.
complete for the subjects wheels of
alloy a side window of the car
which is completely complete in the freestyle model
the existence of equipment
I will show that the inner part with
you
electric windows on the four doors
electric locks and mirrors
adjusting the seat height
driver elton 6 flex year 2012
complete as a manual of five
air conditioning cd player
original with very local mp3 player
nice leather-wrapped steering wheel
increase music and music changes in the
steering wheel
from passengers with you
excellent amplitude of this car a ford
ecosport 1.6 with style year 2012 is
Seeing here in the classify car that
sleeps a family of five very well
people
Are you looking for a compact car?
without leaving the elegance and its
car for you a ford ecosport with
six months fell to 2012 is already seeing
here in the piece a car a look at
trunk of her that is the great attraction
trunk is very beautiful gigantic
with excellent finishing of the seats
are split
a ford ecosport with the six that style
year 2012 is seeing here in which
stay in close touch with us
phone 19 3243 6665 and access our
you site by car dot com that tire
your doubts with one of our
consultants and join the group
of more satisfied friends to buy
one more time to classify
It's my friends, this is to classify
negotiating vehicles making friends